Cluster 0, (size = 482): 
['abortion', 'prolife', 'scotus', 'pjnet', 'unbornlivesmatter', 'tcot', 'repealthe8th', 'defundpp', 'stopthesham', 'uniteblue', 'hb2', 'prochoice', 'zika', 'praytoendabortion', 'plannedparenthood', 'p2', 'news', 'twowomentravel', 'rncincle', 'texas', 'rape', 'nevertrump', 'incest', 'demsinphilly', 'imwithher', 'txlege', 'ccot', 'trump', 'blacklivesmatter', 'beboldendhyde', 'neverhillary', 'access4all', 'mydecision', 'ppsellsbabyparts', 'gop', 'women', 'catholic', 'chooselife', 'hillary', '2a', 'endabortion', 'maga', 'wholewomanshealth', 'reprorights', 'rednationrising', 'dncinphl', 'feminism', 'health', 'life', 'politics', 'standwithpp', 'nn16', 'laafriquemedia', 'fightbacktx', 'undotheburden', 'timkaine', 'motherteresa', 'trumppence16', 'hillaryclinton', 'usa', 'blm', 'clintonkaine', 'supremecourt', 'prolifeyouth', 'noabortioncoercion', 'keepclinicsopen', 'defundplannedparenthood', 'trump2016', 'nra', 'election2016', 'womenshealth', 'donaldtrump', 'womensrights', 'stopabortion', 'crookedhillary', 'abortionismurder', 'christian', 'wholewomenshealth', 'alllivesmatter', 'ohio', 'nhpolitics', 'protectthemboth', 'abortionlaws', 'ireland', 'gunsense', 'quotes', 'pp', 'qldpol', 'notmyticket', 'democrats', 'us', 'azsen', 'mikepence', 'reprojustice', 'cblive', 'auspol', 'wakeupamerica', 'vinb', 'healthcare', 'brexit', 'trumptrain', 'freepurvi', 'flsen', 'zikavirus', 'wewontgoback', 'orlando', 'toxictrump', 'florida', 'reproductivehealth', 'demconvention', 'shameful', 'reprohealth', 'abortionaccess', 'strongertogether', 'tx', 'trustwomen', 'voteblue', 'trumppence', 'dncchecklist', 'prolifegen', 'pregnancy', 'pence', 'blacktwitter', 'waronwomen', 'breakingnews', 'voav', 'rio2016', 'lgbt', 'dnc', 'progressive', 'antichoice', 'votetrump', 'dallas', 'roseoftralee', 'choice', 'law', 'democrat', 'cdnpoli', 'gynoticians', 'notoriousrbg', 'womensequalityday', 'wearetheleft', 'ableg', 'istandwithdavid', 'deathpenalty', 'cruzcrew', 'clinton', 'stoppp', 'dems', 'mylifematters', 'stoprush', 'teaparty', 'wiunion', 'abortrapeculture', 'tim', 'politicalrevolution', 'abortionrights', 'zikafunding', 'reproductiverights', 'altrightmeans', '1in3', 'birthcontrol', 'wetestify', 'feelthebern', 'obama', 'job', 'truth', 'liberals', 'mlk', 'kaine', 'ppvideos', 'ctl', 'shoutyourabortion', 'murder', 'notacriminal', 'kellyfile', 'texit', 'vp', 'quote', 'america', 'rnc', 'science', 'topprog', 'jesus', 'dumptrump', 'god', 'humanrights', 'actforwomen', 'christians', 'lvn', 'feedly', 'basketofdeplorables', 'dncleaks', 'indiana', 'trumppence2016', 'elsalvador', 'copolitics', 'demexit', 'tntweeters', 'biggovsucks', 'libtownhall', 'hillno', 'margaretsanger', 'voteprolife', 'cnn', 'abortionhorrors', 'gopconvention', 'pro', 'youmightbealiberal', 'molonlabe', 'ncpol', 'bb18', 'adoption', 'reprofreedom', 'guncontrol', 'hollywoodliberals', 'tlot', 'hillary2016', 'republicans', 'feministagenda', 'mtvstars', 'vote', 'amjoy', 'vvs16', 'pray', 'moleg', 'dontdraftourdaughters', 'guns', '360wisenews', 'wednesdaywisdom', 'utpol', 'defendlife', 'soros', 'catholics', 'blackwomendidthat', 'loveboth', 'alllivesdidntmatter', 'utah', '4eachofus', 'maddow', 'purvipatel', 'clintonkaine2016', 'sundaymorning', 'islam', 'howmuchtime', 'conservativebecause', 'liberal', 'imwithtrump', 'healing', 'tampabay', 'abortionrethink', 'love', 'reproaction', 'icymi', 'dem', 'hannity', 'hrc', 'periodsforpence', '1a', 'abortions', 'micksbill', 'tobc16', 'tgcag', 'lifenews', 'herbodyherchoice', 'music', 'altonsterling', 'tedcruz', 'demplatform', 'alaska', 'aus', 'ifmenhadperiods', 'hiring', 'americafirst', 'liveline', 'aborto', 'christianity', 'libcrib', 'benghazi', 'baby', 'betterthanthis', 'babies', 'media', 'naral', 'canada', 'phoenix', 'waitingforlyle', 'seattle', 'doyourjob', 'dncleak', 'evil', 'potus', 'faith', 'miami', 'flipitdem', 'connecttheleft', 'marcorubio', 'nswpol', 'freethedelegates', 'obamacare', 'religiousliberty', 'doublehomicide', 'srhr', 'helmshurts', 'savethe8th', 'fl', 'bernieorbust', 'tech', 'whitehouse', 'feminist', 'wipolitics', 'world', 'rj2016', 'conservative', 'oregon', 'atlanta', 'clintons', 'win', 'business', 'wiright', 'dublin', 'hellohyde', 'savelives', 'conversation', 'repro', 'merdroits60', 'thursdaythoughts', 'worldnews', 'planned', 'guilty', 'thisweek', 'womenrights', 'court', 'epipen', 'wisconsin', 'trumpdump', 'texmex', 'sgp', 'foxnews', 'nyc', 'sheswithus', 'racist', 'help', 'ksleg', 'makeamericagreatagain', 'flashbackfriday', 'witchhunt', 'lgbtq', 'glee', 'howwedothingsinireland', 'trumpgirlsbreaktheinternet', 'united4coverage', 'religion', 'delegaterevolt', 'video', 'constantcontact', 'mybodymychoice', 'fail', 'hillary2prison', 'wcs16', 'lnyhbt', 'pinkoutthevote', 'fem2', 'latinxpower', 'blackgenocide', 'freesafelegal', 'racism', 'colorado', 'hypocrisy', 'nrlc2016', 'istandwithpp', 'sayfie', 'trcot', 'twitter', 'socialmedia', 'retweet', 'prolifewomen16', 'lessliberals', 'tbt', 'tpp', 'fridayreads', 'conservatives', 'hiv', 'healthequity', 'my', 'genocide', 'getmyattentionin4words', 'askcecile', 'p2b', 'climatechange', 'tuesdaymotivation', 'disability', 'anonymous', 'sjw', 'kaineandunable', 'pregnant', 'fb', 'unborn', 'nowplaying', 'legal', 'mexico', 'trending', 'bible', 'nevertrumporhillary', 'eugenics', 'tgdn', 'libertarian', 'mississippi', 'rights', 'immigration', 'not1899', 'sept28', 'mondaymotivation', 'sex', 'hope', 'malasakitkontrapasakit', 'rbg', 'allaccess2016', 'republican', 'constitution', 'f4f', 'wakeup', 'irony', 'children', 'marriage', 'alpolitics', 'notpence', 'parenthood', 'cnnsotu', 'black', 'garyjohnson', 'liftthedcban', 'whiteprivilegemeans', 'roevwade', 'ohsen', 'bluehand', 'veterans', 'pickrick4vp', 'parenting', 'wtf', 'wearepp', 'contraception', 'robertcasey', 'philandocastile', 'uk', 'hydeamendment', '360wisejamz', 'smartnews', 'praytherosary', 'gosnell', 'india', 'lifttheban', 'aca', 'adopt', 'generalnews', 'independenceday', 'prolifegeneration', 'election', 'periscope', 'hillaryforprison', 'msnbc', 'uslatino', 'nhgov', 'rallyforchoice', 'senate', 'aids2016', 'righttochoose', 'amazon', 'hawaii', 'dumpryan', 'medicaid', 'ff', 'healthnews', 'affiliate', 'actorslife', 'shame', 'quotation', 'rant', 'stopthekilling', 'wontbepunished', 'bioethics', 'inners']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 1, (size = 36): 
['prolife', 'unbornlivesmatter', 'defundpp', 'nevertrump', 'chooselife', '2a', 'endabortion', 'maga', 'crookedhillary', 'abortionismurder', 'alllivesmatter', 'pp', 'azsen', 'wakeupamerica', 'deathpenalty', 'cruzcrew', 'clinton', 'stoppp', 'mylifematters', 'mlk', 'biggovsucks', 'hillno', 'youmightbealiberal', 'ncpol', 'dontdraftourdaughters', 'hannity', 'tedcruz', 'baby', 'freethedelegates', 'doublehomicide', 'wipolitics', 'wiright', 'delegaterevolt', 'tgdn', 'bluehand', 'independenceday']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 2, (size = 200): 
['prolife', 'pjnet', 'unbornlivesmatter', 'defundpp', 'praytoendabortion', 'rncincle', 'texas', 'nevertrump', 'incest', 'demsinphilly', 'ccot', 'trump', 'neverhillary', 'ppsellsbabyparts', 'catholic', 'chooselife', '2a', 'endabortion', 'maga', 'rednationrising', 'dncinphl', 'life', 'timkaine', 'motherteresa', 'trumppence16', 'usa', 'blm', 'prolifeyouth', 'noabortioncoercion', 'defundplannedparenthood', 'trump2016', 'nra', 'womensrights', 'stopabortion', 'crookedhillary', 'abortionismurder', 'christian', 'alllivesmatter', 'protectthemboth', 'quotes', 'pp', 'qldpol', 'democrats', 'azsen', 'auspol', 'wakeupamerica', 'trumptrain', 'demconvention', 'trumppence', 'dncchecklist', 'prolifegen', 'pence', 'voav', 'rio2016', 'dnc', 'votetrump', 'democrat', 'womensequalityday', 'wearetheleft', 'ableg', 'istandwithdavid', 'deathpenalty', 'cruzcrew', 'clinton', 'stoppp', 'dems', 'mylifematters', 'wiunion', 'abortrapeculture', 'altrightmeans', 'mlk', 'kaine', 'ppvideos', 'kellyfile', 'texit', 'quote', 'jesus', 'dumptrump', 'christians', 'feedly', 'basketofdeplorables', 'trumppence2016', 'demexit', 'biggovsucks', 'libtownhall', 'hillno', 'margaretsanger', 'voteprolife', 'abortionhorrors', 'gopconvention', 'pro', 'youmightbealiberal', 'ncpol', 'adoption', 'guncontrol', 'tlot', 'vote', 'vvs16', 'pray', 'dontdraftourdaughters', 'guns', '360wisenews', 'wednesdaywisdom', 'defendlife', 'blackwomendidthat', 'alllivesdidntmatter', 'sundaymorning', 'conservativebecause', 'imwithtrump', 'healing', 'abortionrethink', 'hannity', '1a', 'abortions', 'tgcag', 'tedcruz', 'aus', 'ifmenhadperiods', 'americafirst', 'aborto', 'libcrib', 'baby', 'dncleak', 'faith', 'nswpol', 'freethedelegates', 'religiousliberty', 'doublehomicide', 'savethe8th', 'bernieorbust', 'wipolitics', 'conservative', 'wiright', 'savelives', 'thursdaythoughts', 'guilty', 'thisweek', 'sgp', 'help', 'makeamericagreatagain', 'flashbackfriday', 'trumpgirlsbreaktheinternet', 'delegaterevolt', 'constantcontact', 'hillary2prison', 'wcs16', 'lnyhbt', 'colorado', 'nrlc2016', 'trcot', 'prolifewomen16', 'lessliberals', 'fridayreads', 'conservatives', 'askcecile', 'tuesdaymotivation', 'disability', 'sjw', 'kaineandunable', 'fb', 'trending', 'bible', 'nevertrumporhillary', 'eugenics', 'tgdn', 'libertarian', 'not1899', 'mondaymotivation', 'hope', 'malasakitkontrapasakit', 'wakeup', 'irony', 'notpence', 'parenthood', 'garyjohnson', 'whiteprivilegemeans', 'bluehand', 'veterans', 'pickrick4vp', 'parenting', 'contraception', 'robertcasey', 'philandocastile', 'uk', '360wisejamz', 'smartnews', 'praytherosary', 'gosnell', 'independenceday', 'prolifegeneration', 'election', 'periscope', 'hillaryforprison', 'senate', 'dumpryan', 'medicaid', 'shame', 'quotation', 'stopthekilling', 'bioethics']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 3, (size = 172): 
['prolife', 'unbornlivesmatter', 'defundpp', 'praytoendabortion', 'texas', 'nevertrump', 'incest', 'demsinphilly', 'ccot', 'trump', 'neverhillary', 'ppsellsbabyparts', 'catholic', 'chooselife', '2a', 'endabortion', 'maga', 'rednationrising', 'dncinphl', 'life', 'timkaine', 'motherteresa', 'trumppence16', 'blm', 'prolifeyouth', 'noabortioncoercion', 'defundplannedparenthood', 'trump2016', 'nra', 'stopabortion', 'crookedhillary', 'abortionismurder', 'alllivesmatter', 'protectthemboth', 'quotes', 'pp', 'democrats', 'azsen', 'auspol', 'wakeupamerica', 'trumptrain', 'demconvention', 'trumppence', 'dncchecklist', 'prolifegen', 'voav', 'rio2016', 'dnc', 'votetrump', 'womensequalityday', 'wearetheleft', 'ableg', 'istandwithdavid', 'deathpenalty', 'cruzcrew', 'clinton', 'stoppp', 'mylifematters', 'wiunion', 'abortrapeculture', 'altrightmeans', 'mlk', 'ppvideos', 'kellyfile', 'quote', 'dumptrump', 'christians', 'feedly', 'basketofdeplorables', 'trumppence2016', 'demexit', 'biggovsucks', 'libtownhall', 'hillno', 'voteprolife', 'gopconvention', 'pro', 'youmightbealiberal', 'ncpol', 'adoption', 'guncontrol', 'tlot', 'vote', 'vvs16', 'dontdraftourdaughters', 'guns', '360wisenews', 'wednesdaywisdom', 'defendlife', 'blackwomendidthat', 'alllivesdidntmatter', 'sundaymorning', 'conservativebecause', 'imwithtrump', 'abortionrethink', 'hannity', '1a', 'abortions', 'tgcag', 'tedcruz', 'aus', 'ifmenhadperiods', 'americafirst', 'libcrib', 'benghazi', 'baby', 'dncleak', 'nswpol', 'freethedelegates', 'doublehomicide', 'savethe8th', 'bernieorbust', 'wipolitics', 'conservative', 'wiright', 'savelives', 'guilty', 'thisweek', 'sgp', 'makeamericagreatagain', 'flashbackfriday', 'delegaterevolt', 'constantcontact', 'hillary2prison', 'wcs16', 'lnyhbt', 'colorado', 'nrlc2016', 'trcot', 'prolifewomen16', 'fridayreads', 'conservatives', 'askcecile', 'tuesdaymotivation', 'disability', 'sjw', 'kaineandunable', 'fb', 'trending', 'bible', 'nevertrumporhillary', 'tgdn', 'libertarian', 'not1899', 'mondaymotivation', 'malasakitkontrapasakit', 'wakeup', 'notpence', 'parenthood', 'garyjohnson', 'whiteprivilegemeans', 'bluehand', 'veterans', 'pickrick4vp', 'parenting', 'robertcasey', 'philandocastile', 'uk', 'smartnews', 'praytherosary', 'gosnell', 'independenceday', 'prolifegeneration', 'election', 'periscope', 'hillaryforprison', 'senate', 'dumpryan', 'medicaid', 'quotation', 'stopthekilling', 'bioethics']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 4, (size = 482): 
['abortion', 'prolife', 'scotus', 'pjnet', 'unbornlivesmatter', 'tcot', 'repealthe8th', 'defundpp', 'stopthesham', 'uniteblue', 'hb2', 'prochoice', 'zika', 'praytoendabortion', 'plannedparenthood', 'p2', 'news', 'twowomentravel', 'rncincle', 'texas', 'rape', 'nevertrump', 'incest', 'demsinphilly', 'imwithher', 'txlege', 'ccot', 'trump', 'blacklivesmatter', 'beboldendhyde', 'neverhillary', 'access4all', 'mydecision', 'ppsellsbabyparts', 'gop', 'women', 'catholic', 'chooselife', 'hillary', '2a', 'endabortion', 'maga', 'wholewomanshealth', 'reprorights', 'rednationrising', 'dncinphl', 'feminism', 'health', 'life', 'politics', 'standwithpp', 'nn16', 'laafriquemedia', 'fightbacktx', 'undotheburden', 'timkaine', 'motherteresa', 'trumppence16', 'hillaryclinton', 'usa', 'blm', 'clintonkaine', 'supremecourt', 'prolifeyouth', 'noabortioncoercion', 'keepclinicsopen', 'defundplannedparenthood', 'trump2016', 'nra', 'election2016', 'womenshealth', 'donaldtrump', 'womensrights', 'stopabortion', 'crookedhillary', 'abortionismurder', 'christian', 'wholewomenshealth', 'alllivesmatter', 'ohio', 'nhpolitics', 'protectthemboth', 'abortionlaws', 'ireland', 'gunsense', 'quotes', 'pp', 'qldpol', 'notmyticket', 'democrats', 'us', 'azsen', 'mikepence', 'reprojustice', 'cblive', 'auspol', 'wakeupamerica', 'vinb', 'healthcare', 'brexit', 'trumptrain', 'freepurvi', 'flsen', 'zikavirus', 'wewontgoback', 'orlando', 'toxictrump', 'florida', 'reproductivehealth', 'demconvention', 'shameful', 'reprohealth', 'abortionaccess', 'strongertogether', 'tx', 'trustwomen', 'voteblue', 'trumppence', 'dncchecklist', 'prolifegen', 'pregnancy', 'pence', 'blacktwitter', 'waronwomen', 'breakingnews', 'voav', 'rio2016', 'lgbt', 'dnc', 'progressive', 'antichoice', 'votetrump', 'dallas', 'roseoftralee', 'choice', 'law', 'democrat', 'cdnpoli', 'gynoticians', 'notoriousrbg', 'womensequalityday', 'wearetheleft', 'ableg', 'istandwithdavid', 'deathpenalty', 'cruzcrew', 'clinton', 'stoppp', 'dems', 'mylifematters', 'stoprush', 'teaparty', 'wiunion', 'abortrapeculture', 'tim', 'politicalrevolution', 'abortionrights', 'zikafunding', 'reproductiverights', 'altrightmeans', '1in3', 'birthcontrol', 'wetestify', 'feelthebern', 'obama', 'job', 'truth', 'liberals', 'mlk', 'kaine', 'ppvideos', 'ctl', 'shoutyourabortion', 'murder', 'notacriminal', 'kellyfile', 'texit', 'vp', 'quote', 'america', 'rnc', 'science', 'topprog', 'jesus', 'dumptrump', 'god', 'humanrights', 'actforwomen', 'christians', 'lvn', 'feedly', 'basketofdeplorables', 'dncleaks', 'indiana', 'trumppence2016', 'elsalvador', 'copolitics', 'demexit', 'tntweeters', 'biggovsucks', 'libtownhall', 'hillno', 'margaretsanger', 'voteprolife', 'cnn', 'abortionhorrors', 'gopconvention', 'pro', 'youmightbealiberal', 'molonlabe', 'ncpol', 'bb18', 'adoption', 'reprofreedom', 'guncontrol', 'hollywoodliberals', 'tlot', 'hillary2016', 'republicans', 'feministagenda', 'mtvstars', 'vote', 'amjoy', 'vvs16', 'pray', 'moleg', 'dontdraftourdaughters', 'guns', '360wisenews', 'wednesdaywisdom', 'utpol', 'defendlife', 'soros', 'catholics', 'blackwomendidthat', 'loveboth', 'alllivesdidntmatter', 'utah', '4eachofus', 'maddow', 'purvipatel', 'clintonkaine2016', 'sundaymorning', 'islam', 'howmuchtime', 'conservativebecause', 'liberal', 'imwithtrump', 'healing', 'tampabay', 'abortionrethink', 'love', 'reproaction', 'icymi', 'dem', 'hannity', 'hrc', 'periodsforpence', '1a', 'abortions', 'micksbill', 'tobc16', 'tgcag', 'lifenews', 'herbodyherchoice', 'music', 'altonsterling', 'tedcruz', 'demplatform', 'alaska', 'aus', 'ifmenhadperiods', 'hiring', 'americafirst', 'liveline', 'aborto', 'christianity', 'libcrib', 'benghazi', 'baby', 'betterthanthis', 'babies', 'media', 'naral', 'canada', 'phoenix', 'waitingforlyle', 'seattle', 'doyourjob', 'dncleak', 'evil', 'potus', 'faith', 'miami', 'flipitdem', 'connecttheleft', 'marcorubio', 'nswpol', 'freethedelegates', 'obamacare', 'religiousliberty', 'doublehomicide', 'srhr', 'helmshurts', 'savethe8th', 'fl', 'bernieorbust', 'tech', 'whitehouse', 'feminist', 'wipolitics', 'world', 'rj2016', 'conservative', 'oregon', 'atlanta', 'clintons', 'win', 'business', 'wiright', 'dublin', 'hellohyde', 'savelives', 'conversation', 'repro', 'merdroits60', 'thursdaythoughts', 'worldnews', 'planned', 'guilty', 'thisweek', 'womenrights', 'court', 'epipen', 'wisconsin', 'trumpdump', 'texmex', 'sgp', 'foxnews', 'nyc', 'sheswithus', 'racist', 'help', 'ksleg', 'makeamericagreatagain', 'flashbackfriday', 'witchhunt', 'lgbtq', 'glee', 'howwedothingsinireland', 'trumpgirlsbreaktheinternet', 'united4coverage', 'religion', 'delegaterevolt', 'video', 'constantcontact', 'mybodymychoice', 'fail', 'hillary2prison', 'wcs16', 'lnyhbt', 'pinkoutthevote', 'fem2', 'latinxpower', 'blackgenocide', 'freesafelegal', 'racism', 'colorado', 'hypocrisy', 'nrlc2016', 'istandwithpp', 'sayfie', 'trcot', 'twitter', 'socialmedia', 'retweet', 'prolifewomen16', 'lessliberals', 'tbt', 'tpp', 'fridayreads', 'conservatives', 'hiv', 'healthequity', 'my', 'genocide', 'getmyattentionin4words', 'askcecile', 'p2b', 'climatechange', 'tuesdaymotivation', 'disability', 'anonymous', 'sjw', 'kaineandunable', 'pregnant', 'fb', 'unborn', 'nowplaying', 'legal', 'mexico', 'trending', 'bible', 'nevertrumporhillary', 'eugenics', 'tgdn', 'libertarian', 'mississippi', 'rights', 'immigration', 'not1899', 'sept28', 'mondaymotivation', 'sex', 'hope', 'malasakitkontrapasakit', 'rbg', 'allaccess2016', 'republican', 'constitution', 'f4f', 'wakeup', 'irony', 'children', 'marriage', 'alpolitics', 'notpence', 'parenthood', 'cnnsotu', 'black', 'garyjohnson', 'liftthedcban', 'whiteprivilegemeans', 'roevwade', 'ohsen', 'bluehand', 'veterans', 'pickrick4vp', 'parenting', 'wtf', 'wearepp', 'contraception', 'robertcasey', 'philandocastile', 'uk', 'hydeamendment', '360wisejamz', 'smartnews', 'praytherosary', 'gosnell', 'india', 'lifttheban', 'aca', 'adopt', 'generalnews', 'independenceday', 'prolifegeneration', 'election', 'periscope', 'hillaryforprison', 'msnbc', 'uslatino', 'nhgov', 'rallyforchoice', 'senate', 'aids2016', 'righttochoose', 'amazon', 'hawaii', 'dumpryan', 'medicaid', 'ff', 'healthnews', 'affiliate', 'actorslife', 'shame', 'quotation', 'rant', 'stopthekilling', 'wontbepunished', 'bioethics', 'inners']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 5, (size = 2): 
['rt', 'topstories']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 6, (size = 4): 
['follow', 'topstories', 'conservatives', 'nowplaying']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 7, (size = 1): 
['breaking']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 8, (size = 251): 
['abortion', 'tcot', 'defundpp', 'stopthesham', 'hb2', 'prochoice', 'plannedparenthood', 'p2', 'news', 'twowomentravel', 'rncincle', 'incest', 'demsinphilly', 'imwithher', 'txlege', 'beboldendhyde', 'neverhillary', 'access4all', 'mydecision', 'gop', 'women', 'catholic', 'maga', 'rednationrising', 'dncinphl', 'feminism', 'health', 'standwithpp', 'nn16', 'fightbacktx', 'undotheburden', 'motherteresa', 'trumppence16', 'usa', 'prolifeyouth', 'keepclinicsopen', 'trump2016', 'nra', 'womenshealth', 'nhpolitics', 'protectthemboth', 'abortionlaws', 'ireland', 'gunsense', 'notmyticket', 'cblive', 'auspol', 'vinb', 'brexit', 'trumptrain', 'freepurvi', 'flsen', 'wewontgoback', 'orlando', 'toxictrump', 'reproductivehealth', 'shameful', 'strongertogether', 'trustwomen', 'voteblue', 'trumppence', 'dncchecklist', 'prolifegen', 'waronwomen', 'voav', 'rio2016', 'roseoftralee', 'law', 'gynoticians', 'notoriousrbg', 'ableg', 'istandwithdavid', 'clinton', 'stoprush', 'teaparty', 'wiunion', 'politicalrevolution', 'zikafunding', 'altrightmeans', 'wetestify', 'feelthebern', 'job', 'liberals', 'ppvideos', 'ctl', 'notacriminal', 'texit', 'vp', 'america', 'rnc', 'science', 'jesus', 'actforwomen', 'christians', 'lvn', 'basketofdeplorables', 'demexit', 'tntweeters', 'biggovsucks', 'abortionhorrors', 'gopconvention', 'molonlabe', 'bb18', 'reprofreedom', 'tlot', 'republicans', 'feministagenda', 'vote', 'amjoy', 'vvs16', '360wisenews', 'utpol', 'defendlife', 'soros', 'loveboth', '4eachofus', 'maddow', 'sundaymorning', 'howmuchtime', 'conservativebecause', 'liberal', 'imwithtrump', 'tampabay', 'abortionrethink', 'reproaction', 'dem', 'periodsforpence', '1a', 'micksbill', 'tobc16', 'herbodyherchoice', 'music', 'aus', 'ifmenhadperiods', 'hiring', 'americafirst', 'liveline', 'christianity', 'betterthanthis', 'phoenix', 'waitingforlyle', 'doyourjob', 'dncleak', 'miami', 'flipitdem', 'connecttheleft', 'nswpol', 'savethe8th', 'bernieorbust', 'feminist', 'world', 'rj2016', 'conservative', 'oregon', 'atlanta', 'win', 'savelives', 'repro', 'merdroits60', 'worldnews', 'guilty', 'thisweek', 'womenrights', 'epipen', 'trumpdump', 'texmex', 'sgp', 'nyc', 'sheswithus', 'makeamericagreatagain', 'howwedothingsinireland', 'trumpgirlsbreaktheinternet', 'united4coverage', 'religion', 'constantcontact', 'mybodymychoice', 'fail', 'hillary2prison', 'wcs16', 'lnyhbt', 'pinkoutthevote', 'latinxpower', 'freesafelegal', 'colorado', 'istandwithpp', 'twitter', 'socialmedia', 'retweet', 'prolifewomen16', 'tbt', 'tpp', 'conservatives', 'healthequity', 'my', 'askcecile', 'climatechange', 'tuesdaymotivation', 'disability', 'anonymous', 'kaineandunable', 'pregnant', 'mexico', 'trending', 'bible', 'tgdn', 'libertarian', 'immigration', 'not1899', 'sex', 'malasakitkontrapasakit', 'rbg', 'allaccess2016', 'f4f', 'wakeup', 'notpence', 'parenthood', 'cnnsotu', 'garyjohnson', 'liftthedcban', 'whiteprivilegemeans', 'ohsen', 'veterans', 'pickrick4vp', 'parenting', 'wearepp', 'philandocastile', 'uk', '360wisejamz', 'smartnews', 'gosnell', 'india', 'lifttheban', 'aca', 'adopt', 'generalnews', 'independenceday', 'prolifegeneration', 'election', 'uslatino', 'rallyforchoice', 'senate', 'righttochoose', 'amazon', 'dumpryan', 'healthnews', 'affiliate', 'actorslife', 'rant', 'stopthekilling', 'wontbepunished', 'inners']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 9, (size = 1): 
['gopdebate']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 10, (size = 5): 
['pushawardslizquens', 'newyorkloveslizquen', 'tatakstarmagicaustralia', 'mrandmrsibarra1stweeksary', 'lizpushallwequen']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 11, (size = 2): 
['quotes', 'quotation']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 12, (size = 9): 
['jobs', 'tim', 'job', 'kaine', 'hiring', 'phoenix', 'supreme', 'planned', 'washington']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 13, (size = 1): 
['hindusaintsattarget']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 14, (size = 1): 
['mygurupurnimawithbapuji']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 15, (size = 4): 
['newyorkloveslizquen', 'tatakstarmagicaustralia', 'mrandmrsibarra1stweeksary', 'lizpushallwequen']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 16, (size = 9): 
['tim', 'job', 'kaine', 'jobsearch', 'hiring', 'phoenix', 'supreme', 'planned', 'washington']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 17, (size = 4): 
['newyorkloveslizquen', 'tatakstarmagicaustralia', 'mrandmrsibarra1stweeksary', 'lizpushallwequen']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 18, (size = 4): 
['newyorkloveslizquen', 'tatakstarmagicaustralia', 'mrandmrsibarra1stweeksary', 'lizpushallwequen']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 19, (size = 4): 
['newyorkloveslizquen', 'tatakstarmagicaustralia', 'mrandmrsibarra1stweeksary', 'lizpushallwequen']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 20, (size = 1): 
['atheism']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Cluster 21, (size = 1): 
['atheist']
defundpp(l): Not found
praytoendabortion(l): Not found
prolife(l): Not found
lifefirst(l): Not found
ppsellsbabyparts(l): Not found
ppvideos(l): Not found
chooselife(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthood(l): Not found
prolifeforalllife(l): Not found
stoptheslaughter(l): Not found
prolifegen(l): Not found
stopabortion(l): Not found
babieslivesmatter(l): Not found
iamprolife(l): Not found
proadoption(l): Not found
unbornlivesmatter(l): Not found
abortionismurder(l): Not found
lifebeginsatconception(l): Not found
endabortion(l): Not found
adoptionworks(l): Not found
prolifeangels(l): Not found
prolifeacrossam(l): Not found
respectforlife(l): Not found
alternativetoabortion(l): Not found
prolifeyouth(l): Not found
kcpfisprolife(l): Not found
noabortion(l): Not found
abolishabortion(l): Not found
prochoiceisalie(l): Not found
prolifewomen(l): Not found
prodoption(l): Not found
stopabortionnow(l): Not found
prolifewomen16(l): Not found
prayfortheunborn(l): Not found
endabortionnow(l): Not found
abortionhorrors(l): Not found
voteprolife(l): Not found
abortionalternatives(l): Not found
abortionregret(l): Not found
feticide(l): Not found
standforlife(l): Not found
txloveslife(l): Not found
supportnotabort(l): Not found
righttolife(l): Not found
protestpp(l): Not found
banabortion(l): Not found
prolifeisprowoman(l): Not found
prolifewomem16(l): Not found
abortionisunamerican(l): Not found
prolifewomen2016(l): Not found
notachoice(l): Not found
endinfanticide(l): Not found
beprolife(l): Not found
defunfpp(l): Not found
pray4life(l): Not found
march4life(l): Not found
speakupforunborn(l): Not found
ichooselife(l): Not found
defundabortion(l): Not found
allabortionismurder(l): Not found
prowomanprolife(l): Not found
adoptionisanoption(l): Not found
disarmabortion(l): Not found
letsjustkeepkillingourunborn(l): Not found
babylivesdontmatter(l): Not found
adifferentkindofprolife(l): Not found
iamtheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
prolifegeneration(l): Not found
babylivesmatter(l): Not found
moredeadbabies(l): Not found
abortionno(l): Not found
yestolife(l): Not found
prodeath(l): Not found
abortionisinsubordination(l): Not found
unbornbabieshaverightstoo(l): Not found
ivoteprolife(l): Not found
abolishabortiontx(l): Not found
stopmurderingtheunborn(l): Not found
babykillers(l): Not found
stopkillingtheirkids(l): Not found
marchforlife(l): Not found
prayforlife(l): Not found
prodeathnotprochoice(l): Not found
protectlife(l): Not found
boycottbirthcontrol(l): Not found
lifeatconception(l): Not found
plannedparenthoodhatesbabies(l): Not found
prowomenprolife(l): Not found
abortionkillsbabyhumans(l): Not found
prolifemovement(l): Not found
saynotoabortion(l): Not found
norights4fetusmurder(l): Not found
ppsellingbabyparts(l): Not found
savethebabies(l): Not found
adoptdontabort(l): Not found
stopabortions(l): Not found
unbornsfeelpain(l): Not found
everyspermisholly(l): Not found
endtoabortion(l): Not found
wearetheprolifegeneration(l): Not found
istand4life(l): Not found
stop_doing_abortion(l): Not found
abortioncontrolnow(l): Not found
abortionisnevertheanswer(l): Not found
babiesdeservebetter(l): Not found
endabotionnow(l): Not found
prolifegirl(l): Not found
probirth(l): Not found
ppsellsbabybodyparts(l): Not found
millenialsprolife(l): Not found
libshappytokilltheirbabies(l): Not found
prolifefeminist(l): Not found
defundplannedparenthoodnow(l): Not found
babieslivesdontmatter(l): Not found
plannedbutcherhood(l): Not found
plannedmurderhood(l): Not found
march4lifegop(l): Not found
prochoicetokeepkilling(l): Not found
prolifestrong(l): Not found
standresolutely4life(l): Not found
supportdontabort(l): Not found
unbornhaverights(l): Not found
mychoiceisprolife(l): Not found
unbornrights(l): Not found
babieshaverights(l): Not found
noconstitutionalrighttoabortion(l): Not found
chooseadoption(l): Not found
notoabortion(l): Not found
notunbornchildsfault(l): Not found
defundppbabykillers(l): Not found
coloradorighttolife(l): Not found
prolifecandidate(l): Not found
humanfromthemomentofconception(l): Not found
humanfrommomentofconception(l): Not found
celebratingbabymurder(l): Not found
fetallivesmatter(l): Not found
nomoreabortion(l): Not found
neverabortionproponentkillary(l): Not found
ababyisnotawomansbody(l): Not found
notoabortions(l): Not found
stoptheabortion(l): Not found
abortion_murder(l): Not found
pray2endabortion(l): Not found
abortionismean(l): Not found
abortionisevil(l): Not found
sanctityoflife(l): Not found
abortionisviolence(l): Not found
defeatpp(l): Not found
defeatplannedparenthood(l): Not found
safeabortionisacontradiction(l): Not found
humanfromconception(l): Not found
abortionislegal(c): Not found
abortionisaright(c): Not found
safeandlegal(c): Not found
prochoice365247(c): Not found
womansrighttochoose(c): Not found
womenhavetherighttodecide(c): Not found
prochoiceamerica(c): Not found
antichoicers(c): Not found
rightochoose(c): Not found
abortionsaveslives(c): Not found
womensreproductiverights(c): Not found
womenforchoice(c): Not found
men4choice(c): Not found
keepyourlawsoffmybody(c): Not found
reporights(c): Not found
freedomtochoose(c): Not found
istandwithchoice(c): Not found
myuturusisnotpubicproperty(c): Not found
istandewithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
politicsoffmybody(c): Not found
teenchoice(c): Not found
lawsoffourbodies(c): Not found
menforchoice(c): Not found
itsmyuterus(c): Not found
getoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
yestowomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
reproductivefreedom(c): Not found
mybodyismine(c): Not found
improchoice(c): Not found
womenchoice(c): Not found
makebackalleyabortionsgreatagain(c): Not found
pronochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafeandlegal(c): Not found
safeabortionsback(c): Not found
keepabortionlegal(c): Not found
choicematters(c): Not found
evidencebasedabortionrights(c): Not found
respectchoice(c): Not found
safeabortions(c): Not found
herbodyherbusiness(c): Not found
stayoutofmyuterus(c): Not found
myuterusmydecision(c): Not found
myuterusnotyours(c): Not found
supportabortionaccess(c): Not found
takebackourbodies(c): Not found
womamsright2choose(c): Not found
antichoice(c): Not found
prochoice(c): Not found
womensrights(c): Not found
mybodymychoice(c): Not found
womenshealth(c): Not found
theclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
protectabortionaccess(c): Not found
standwithpp(c): Not found
prochoicelibertarian(c): Not found
protectwomenrights(c): Not found
demsprotectwomensrights(c): Not found
itsmybodynotyours(c): Not found
accessisaright(c): Not found
sexeducation(c): Not found
birthcontrol(c): Not found
abortionaccess(c): Not found
ourbodiesourbusiness(c): Not found
womensrighttochoose(c): Not found
handsoffourvaginas(c): Not found
contraception(c): Not found
prochoix(c): Not found
reproductivehealth(c): Not found
ourclinicsstayopen(c): Not found
reprorights(c): Not found
reprohealth(c): Not found
reproductiverights(c): Not found
womenrights(c): Not found
rightsoveropinions(c): Not found
righttochoose(c): Not found
istandwithpp(c): Not found
shoutyourabortion(c): Not found
texasabortionaccess(c): Not found
ourhealthourrightsourlives(c): Not found
shoutyourabotion(c): Not found
keepclinicsopen(c): Not found
safeaccess(c): Not found
safeabortionssavelives(c): Not found
voteprochoice(c): Not found
keepabortionsafe(c): Not found
abortionisnotacrime(c): Not found
ppnycpride(c): Not found
waronwomen(c): Not found
womensbodiesaretheirownbusiness(c): Not found
therighttochoose(c): Not found
prochoice4ever(c): Not found
contraceptives(c): Not found
abortionstigma(c): Not found
abortionforall(c): Not found
safeabortion(c): Not found
wholewomenshealth(c): Not found
stayoutofmywomb(c): Not found
mybodymyrights(c): Not found
prochoiceandproud(c): Not found
wholewomanshealth(c): Not found
clinicescort(c): Not found
mybodynotyours(c): Not found
awomansrighttochoose(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoice(c): Not found
perpetuatingantichoiceideas(c): Not found
getoutofmyvagina(c): Not found
myuterusmybusiness(c): Not found
myabortionmylife(c): Not found
prowoman(c): Not found
nouterusnoopinion(c): Not found
abortionpositive(c): Not found
getthegovernmentoutofmysnatch(c): Not found
protectabortionrights(c): Not found
abortionsforeveryone(c): Not found
abortionadvocates(c): Not found
maternalhealth(c): Not found
freetheladybits(c): Not found
txabortionlawillegal(c): Not found
theirbodiestheirchoice(c): Not found
stickers4choice(c): Not found
knickersforchoice(c): Not found
legalabortion(c): Not found
stayoutofmystirrups(c): Not found
mydaughterschoice(c): Not found
safeabortionright(c): Not found
nowirehangers(c): Not found
womenhealth(c): Not found
fundpp(c): Not found
leaveourvaginasalone(c): Not found
iamprochoice(c): Not found
yourbodyyourchoice(c): Not found
prochoiceprowoman(c): Not found
endforcedmotherhood(c): Not found
womenschoice(c): Not found
right2choose(c): Not found
womansrights(c): Not found
workforpp(c): Not found
womanrights(c): Not found
womansright(c): Not found
abortionrights(c): Not found
defendplannedparenthood(c): Not found
praytoendprolifemovement(c): Not found
praytosaveabortion(c): Not found
proabortion(c): Not found
thisclinicstaysopen(c): Not found
notprolife(c): Not found
antiabortion(c): Not found
womenshealthmatters(c): Not found
prochoiceisprolife(c): Not found
reprochoice(c): Not found
comprehensiveabortioncare(c): Not found
novaginanoopinion(c): Not found
abortionshouldbeawomansrightnotadoctors(c): Not found
ourbodiesourlives(c): Not found
supportwomensrights(c): Not found
herbodyherchoice(c): Not found
womenslivesmatter(c): Not found
istandwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
txhateswomen(c): Not found
queer4repro(c): Not found
abortionishealthcare(c): Not found
keeptheclinicsopen(c): Not found
abortionisahumanright(c): Not found
ourbodyourchoice(c): Not found
protectreproductivehealth(c): Not found
womensreprorights(c): Not found
scrulesagainstwomenssafety(c): Not found
choosechoice(c): Not found
ourbodiesourdecisions(c): Not found
womennotobjects(c): Not found
mybodymydecision(c): Not found
mindyourownuterus(c): Not found
isupportpp(c): Not found
plannedparenthoodforever(c): Not found
mybodymyright(c): Not found
protectchoice(c): Not found
avictoryforwomensrighttochoose(c): Not found
myrighttochose(c): Not found
itsmybody(c): Not found
trans4repro(c): Not found
choicewins(c): Not found
keepabortion(c): Not found
keepoffmyreproductivesystem(c): Not found
prochoice4lyfe(c): Not found
standwithplannedparenthood(c): Not found
ourbodiesourchoice(c): Not found
saferprocedures(c): Not found
Prolife annotated hashtags: 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
Prochoice annotated hashtags: 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0